documentation/1_HelloWorld.md, before:

# Hello World!
In `tlang` the most simple hello world program is written as:

```tlang
println("Hello world!")
```

A `.t`-file can contain statements, functions and classes in any order. When executing the file, statements
are executed in the order that they appear. Methods and classes can be used before they are declared.

Example:

In a file called `HelloWorld.t`:
```tlang
val a = ConstructA()

Def ConstructA() = new A() 

class A = 
	Def Run() = println("Hello World!") 

a.Run() // Hello World!
```

This program can be executed by running `java HelloWorld`.

## Arguments

Arguments can be accessed throug    h the `args` variable:

```tlang
println("Hello " + args[0] + "!") 
```

Executing with `java HelloWorld World` prints `Hello World!`.


## Generated default class

The `tlang` compiler generates a class called `HelloWorld` (taken from the filename) and puts all the 
loose statements in the file in to the main method and all loose functions are included in the class 
as static functions. The result looks something like this:

```tlang
class HelloWorld = 

	Def main(args: String[]) =
		val a = ConstructA()
		a.Run() // Hello World!

	Def static ConstructA() = new A() 

class A = 
	Def Run() = println("Hello World!")
```

If a class called `HelloWorld` is already declared in the file, the main method and static methods
will be put inside the existing class.

Commit message:

Wrote more documentation. Added scrolling of sidebar when scrolling documentation. Replaced semantic ui imports to reduce bundle size

documentation/1_HelloWorld.md, after:

# Hello World!
In `tlang` the most simple hello world program is written as:

```tlang
println("Hello world!")
```

A `.t`-file can contain statements, functions and classes in any order. When executing the file, statements
are executed in the order that they appear. Methods and classes can be used before they are declared.

Example:

In a file called `HelloWorld.t`:
```tlang
val a = ConstructA()

Def ConstructA() = new A() 

class A = 
	Def Run() = println("Hello World!") 

a.Run() // Hello World!
```

This program can be executed by running `java HelloWorld`.

## Arguments

When in the outermost scope, arguments can be accessed through the `args` variable:

```tlang
println("Hello " + args[0] + "!") 
```

Executing with `java HelloWorld World` prints `Hello World!`.


## Generated default class

The `tlang` compiler generates a class called `HelloWorld` (taken from the filename) and puts all the 
loose statements in the file in to the main method and all loose functions are included in the class 
as static functions. The result looks something like this:

```tlang
class HelloWorld = 

	Def main(args: String[]) =
		val a = ConstructA()
		a.Run() // Hello World!

	Def static ConstructA() = new A() 

class A = 
	Def Run() = println("Hello World!")
```

If a class called `HelloWorld` is already declared in the file, the main method and static methods
will be put inside the existing class.
